hey Jimmy what a great outfit that is
you got I'll tell you the truth I have
yes Thomas I went through my closet so
these these red reddish cords mm-hmm I
have two pairs of the same so so every
time I wear these cords and then the
next day I go did I wait at red ones and
it's Han once I get mixed up and
sometimes I wear red two days in a row
and I feel like telling everybody but
these are the two different ones
yesterday I was just exactly like this
when I came into work this morning I
mean like literally really yes and as I
told you the other night oh you know
Christmas party yes yes my I was trying
know what to wear and I was trying to
get dressed and I said you think Adams
gonna be at this party no I said yeah I
think he'll be there and I said oh good
I don't have to dress she goes no just
because he dresses like that doesn't
[Applause]
have the clothes I had a nice lady and
my wife went out and got me a bunch of
stuff it just to get it just a little
too small mood when it's tied in that I
don't want to have to fight thing I see
what you're saying and you got to cover
things by the way I I mean this
sincerely I'm not just whatever you're
absolutely great in this movie and it's
a great movie on top of that but what
I'm curious about is do you get at all
offended by all the people telling you
how great you are in this movie they're
like no really you're amazing in this
movie does it annoy you at all no no
it's a different style of movie yeah my
comedies are a light and fun and I love
I love doing them and I get a different
kind of compliment to the hose I always
you know I hear man I was so stoned the
other night Safdie Brothers and this is
not a movie you want to be stoned watch
probably heard of somebody actually had
that very same party they saw it and
lost their mind they kind of stared at
it and
were scared it's very intense to move
very and the safety brothers are these
guys brothers yes too smart
Queens boys uh-huh just unbelievable did
you know them before you work with them
on this they apparently wanted to do
this movie with me a long time ago they
wrote it like 10 years ago and I think I
was busy
yeah and they they sent the script into
like you know you have an agent managers
and stuff like that and they they didn't
who had I don't even know if they read I
don't know what happened right
but like 10 years goes by and I did the
the meyerwitz stories and I'm going over
to can and when I'm going over there my
agents kept saying this safty brothers
want to talk to you and I said what are
the safty brothers they were like
they're young and hip and I thought they
were just like skateboarders and then I
saw a good time you know that might be
good time into all their other movies
and these guys are incredible and then I
said oh my god yeah yeah let me meet
those guys and they gave me the script
and it was excellent they're young guys
like when they sent that script to you
they must have been like 14 years old
first yeah it makes sense that you would
not be interested in doing a movie with
them at that time I guess I mean they're
just just they love you by the way and
Benny met you the other night and yet no
one called me to be in the movie you're
so busy yeah that's the thing about the
movie that Idol and I love when
occasionally director will do this right
he popped they populated the movie with
a lot of people who aren't actors right
right yeah there's it's about new it's
New York City and there's a there's some
my character gets into trouble with some
tough guys and they get real tough
people to be in they're not actors most
of the cast is is not actors there's
some great actors in it but a lot of the
scenes I did with guys who are just it
was their first time doing it and they
were you know supposed to smack me
around and stuff and the stunt
coordinator would say you know you don't
have to actually hit Adam you know a
throw to punch Adam would always had to
decide it'll look like then they just
stared at him like what the hell are you
talking about
and they did hit Adam they'd hit him
yeah they shouldn't you are you look
different in the movie - I mean you look
like you but it's like there's a
something odd about the way here well
they put I have different teeth in there
I had a goatee and a fake mold like the
hairs back and I'm wearing different
clothes and you have earrings in the
mood I have hearings yes I have two
hearings them magnet earrings so they
weren't real yeah but when I was young I
did like I hope my kids I've been lying
to them but I did have an earring left
earring when I was younger and I did the
movie airheads when I was a kid oh and
when I was young and and I'm in the in
the script I said I had an earring so I
said maybe I just get an earring and so
I don't have to change like get a fake
hearing every day let me just do it that
pierce my ear buh-buh-buh-buh I didn't
think it was a big deal so I pierce my
ear and then I remember calling home my
mother answers the phone hello and I was
like hey my it's Adam what happened I
think nothing something's wrong I said
no I got I got a left I did I got an
earring oh you can't be buried with us
in her head yeah you also gain weight to
play Howard as the name of the character
Howard yes in fact I saw your wife had a
yes yes said Howard on it by what they
as a 24 game my wife that's who did the
the movie with Netflix and they and they
they gave my me a gift it says diamond
Howard necklace and my wife wears it
everywhere and it dangles right above
her beautiful cleavage she always seen
Howard
I should be jealous but somehow I it
thrills me you could get her a Billy and
you could get her a happy and a sandy
all your different movies you know yeah
that's a good idea yeah it's quite a
good yes holiday collection one night of
Hanukkah each is a different character
that you play that's good yeah so uh
also when we're talking about these
these actors who are not actors yeah one
of them is Kevin Garnett the basketball
player yes so you never know what you're
gonna get when a basketball player is in
a movie or any happily unbelievably
cools great guy super in Texas
unbelievable in the movie like every
actor in the movie was going are you
kidding me
Kevin Garnett's better than me and act
he was so cool and so smooth and just in
the scene every every scene he was in we
would just look he was very good in it
yeah yeah so anyway we asked you if you
could maybe bring kevin garnett and sure
enough you brought got it done for you
all right so let's take a break we come
back we see a clip from uncut gems and
we will visit with Adam Sandler and
Kevin Garnett over I see out there when
the stadiums all bullying you you're 30
up you're still going full-tilt let's
see what Vegas what does Vegas got you
guys that take take a look let's see are
you serious gonna put yourself right
here look at it the Sixers are supposed
to win the game tonight they think we
don't keep tracking on it game seven
you're not gonna get 18 points
that's your atom cell and let's bring
him out now he's not only an NBA
champion he is a thespian out welcome
Kevin Garnett everyone
[Applause]
right here Kevin come on changing
how are you
and I just thought of something I wonder
if Kevin James is upset that you there's
a new Kevin in your life I mean this is
I imagine the two of you like going on
from here and doing a lot of movies work
only together he had great chemistry
together really and Kevin I was knocked
out by your performance in the movie who
knew that was in you I could never tell
me your joke I'm not joking
no I am not joking Sarah but I am being
honest no no there's no there's no left
hook coming yes I mean that quite
sincerely and I'm sure you've heard that
from a lot of people you hear from your
former teammates yeah yeah yeah they
don't know anything about acting some of
them have been in some really great
movies but that's not easy people think
it's easy to play yourself you can you
really mess up playing yourself I've
seen it happen
yes for sure mm-hmm I didn't talk to you
before I did did you ever find yourself
in a situation like that with a jeweler
Adams character is this jeweler who
provides jewelry to athletes and the
other kind of wealthy people absolutely
have a shelter Jacob the jeweler shout
to Tito all those guys I actually
reached for that you know I've been in a
situation where I have a bunch of my
friends with me and we're in a jewelry
store getting jewelry and I do that with
my friends all the time in the jewelry
store I'm hiding in the bathroom
and no one wants to did you guys yeah I
know Adam loves to play basketball did
you guys play any basketball together no
listen we have long days where we shot
believe it or not but it's the basket on
the set so when we would get done with
these long days or in between takes and
stuff we would go out shoot around
messing around oh you did yeah well it
was a dream of mine to maybe after work
show up at a park with play you want to
and say call my friend Kevin to play
with me but it would have been amazing
if you would have said that I probably
would have showed up
you got hurt or somehow bad not not at
that part
I've been real close by with you let's
do it after juice you need to do what
have you guys been reading the reviews
of the movie no you have not have you
added I don't read it I have people read
it to me you have people here it's good
what's the best one you heard about no
no honestly all I hear is I know you
don't like reviews uh-huh but and then I
just get it's alright it's alright I
need to hear they're like when you hear
one word and then I got no know what
what and then it's like I think it's two
words not awful Kevin is this something
you want to continue to do I can't say
there's something I was looking you know
we're reaching out for different
opportunities but you know I'm a man of
opportunity if someone comes along if
it's like the synergy in this you know
it'll be a fun movie for you and not
that I'm pitching here but be a fun
movie where they don't adjust for your
height so is the dangerous building for
talk attention yeah I can't have
conversation that's right Tim Duncan is
still unconscious
in you guys had fun did you notice that
Adam had to put on weight for the film
no I didn't have to oh you just did
[Applause]
no I swear to God I did this one scene
with where I'm supposed to be yelling
it's like a monologue and I supposed to
in the script it says that I step on the
scale then I keep going and I said this
entire monologue it was going well I
step on the scale I haven't stepped on
the scale in like four years so I step
on the scale in the middle of saying
look tennis as 2:03 and I I was looking
to see like 189 so I started to go three
and I was like and I forgot the rest of
the scene now your heads really in the
character when you're I was until that
moment well you guys did a great job
together I hope you do another movie
together he does all his movies on
vacation you know it would be a bora
bora bora let you pick the setting then
you figure out the movie movie that
second there kevin garnett Adam Sandler
everybody uncut gems
on Christmas Day we'll be right back
with Karen Gillan hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
give back this holiday season buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box